--------- GoldSpike Feedback----------

In our GoldSpike feedback, it didn't feel like the zero gravity aspect of the environment was apparent to the player.
Consquently, the grapple felt like it had no purpose, especially with WASD movement.
We decided to get rid of WASD movement all together, instead relying on the grapple, as well as recoil from the gun.

We also got feedback that the melee felt like it had no purpose when compared to the ranged weapon.
In response, we added the ability for the melee to reflect enemy projectile back at the enemies.
The melee is also now useful for moving environment objects out of the way.

The enemies felt pretty lackluster in our GoldSpike, since they were stationary and had very limited visual range.
We revamped our ranged enemies with movement, telegraphed attacks, and more dangerous shooting behavior.

We made substantial upgrades to the aesthetics and theming to show off our setting onboard a space ship.
We have much higher quality custom spritework and animations for our enemies, player, and environment.

Because we were lacking juice in our initial prototype, we now have sounds, background music, and screen shake effects
 to enhance the player experience and provide more feedback to the player about changes to the game state.

---------- Milestone 1 Feedback -----------

In our round of p3_milestone playtesting, we got the criticism that the grapple hook felt like a movement option that didn't fit the style
of the game, and felt purposeless. It didn't interact well with the enemies and environment, and was often obstructed by our boxes.
We removed the complete reliance on the grapple for quick movement, and added alternative items to equip in place of the grapple, like the
pulse bomb, and teleporter.

Some playtesters did not enjoy the relying mainly on the recoil of the gun to move, and wanted some way to affect their movement more
precisely. We have tried to add more options for movement, but still limit the player compared to our GoldSpike iteration with normal
WASD movement. We limited WASD by consuming a fuel meter whenever the player uses the arrow keys to move, leading them to rely more on other
methods of motion.

Multiple playtesters complained about our audio, and the music and wall hits drowning out the rest of the sound. We tried to balance the
volume of the background music with our other sounds, and added directionality to sound effects in the hopes that it increase player immersion.

The boxes had little to no purpose in our Milestone iteration, besides being a hindrace to the player. We added a new system where if enemies are
hit hard enough by boxes, they will be killed. This allows the boxes to be more useful to the player in combat.

Although many people liked our singular enemy type in our Milestone iteration, it lead to blander combat with no variety. We have added two new
enemy types into this iteration, both melee enemies, to added a new challenege to the player, and more variety. We also added an enemy with stonger
defenses against ranged weapons, forcing the player to take a different approck to defeat them.


